.TH typp "6" "May 2021" "typp v1.0.0"
.SH NAME
typp \- practice of typing text from the keyboard.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
This application provides a keyboard input interface for analyzing input speed, errors, etc.
The entered character that matches the text character is highlighted in green.
Incorrectly entered characters are highlighted in red.

From the available randomly generated texts Russian and English.
For correct display Russian texts recommended use UTF-8 charset. $ man 1 locale
WPM (words per minute) is used to calculate the speed of English texts.
CPM (characters per minute) is used to calculate the speed of Russian texts.

After entering the text, the results will appear, along with the rating.

WPM rating:
  slow    -  less 24
  fine    -  more or equal 24 and less 32
  middle  -  more or equal 32 and less 52
  well    -  more or equal 52 and less 70
  pro     -  more or equal 70 and less or equal 80
  best    -  more 80

CPM rating:
  slow    -  less 120
  fine    -  more or equal 120 and less 160
  middle  -  more or equal 160 and less 260
  well    -  more or equal 260 and less 350
  pro     -  more or equal 350 and less or equal 400
  best    -  more 400
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kirill Rekhov <krekhov.dev@mail.ru>
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to <krekhov.dev@mail.ru>
.SH COPYRIGHT
.nf
Copyright (C) 2021 Kirill Rekhov <krekhov.dev@mail.ru>
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, version 3.
